README.md, before:

# Boot plugin
*experimetnal* PoC theia-plugin to interact to workspace containers and run commands from there

This repository provides

- Che-theia plugin 
- `Devfile` to start a development environemt (with theia and che-theia)

## Getting stared

To start hacking with this plugin you need to create a workspace on che based on the `devfile.yaml` provided by this demo

[Here](https://www.eclipse.org/che/docs/che-7/configuring-a-workspace-using-a-devfile/) is a guide about starting workspaces based on an devfile

## Developing and testing this plugin

This repo with the devfile covers most of the work from this [guide](https://www.eclipse.org/che/docs/che-7/developing-che-theia-plug-ins/#developing-che-theia-plug-ins-using-che_developing-che-theia-plug-ins), but is important check the last part of the section that explains how to start and debug our plugin in `Hosted Mode`.

## Todo 


- Full Git integration (start a workspace with git configured to push code to a branch, you can do it at this moment with https providing your user and password)


- Deployment instructions

Commit message:

Update readme (#1)
* feat: update README file

* feat: update README file

README.md, after:

# Boot plugin
*experimetnal* PoC che-theia plugin to start a gatsby project on develop mode after is loaded into a workspace

This repository provides

- Che-theia plugin.
- `Devfile` to start a development environemt for this plugin, also has included a gatsby default starter to use in this the development workspace.
- `Devfile` to start a demo example and see this plugin in action.

## Getting started

To start hacking with this plugin, you only need to create a workspace based on a devfile with che, using `devfiles/plugin-development-env-devfile.yaml` provided by this repo

if you want yo know more details about the additional projects on this devfile, please check the [CONTRIBUTING](https://github.com/eclipse/che-theia/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md#just-want-to-build-the-plugin-and-run-with-the-existing-theia-image) section of che-theia project 

## Debug and testing

This repo with the devfile covers most of the work from this [guide](https://www.eclipse.org/che/docs/che-7/developing-che-theia-plug-ins/#developing-che-theia-plug-ins-using-che_developing-che-theia-plug-ins), if you need to debug or test functionality please take a look to the last part of the guide to know how `Hosted Mode` works.

## Deployment and usage

The idea behind this plugin is provide a way to start nodejs applications in `development` mode when a che workspace starts.

This plugin provides this functionality but first we need to add this plugin with the devfile containing the node application an example is on `devfiles/develop-mode-example.yaml`.

The plugin is adding via `devfile` just like che [docs](https://www.eclipse.org/che/docs/che-7/publishing-che-theia-plug-ins/#adding-a-plug-in-by-configuring-a-workspace_publishing-che-theia-plug-ins) suggest the `meta.yml` required is located on `che-plugin` directory

### Deployment process (manual process)
- Build the plugin to generate the `.theia` file

      $ cd boot-plugin
      $ yarn

- Upload the `.theia` to public access location (At this moment we are using a draft release to upload as an asset on github) 

## Todo 


- Full Git integration (start a workspace with git configured to push code to a branch, you can do it at this moment with https providing your user and password)

- Automate build/deploy process
